README.md, before:

# Welcome to Ro-Script!
![RO-SCRIPT LOGO](https://i.imgur.com/WPvGjq2.png)

**[CLICK HERE TO SEE THE OFFICIAL RO-SCRIPT WEBSITE](https://cardrhyme206113.github.io/ro-script.html)**

**1-Intruduction**
Welcome To Ro-Script! A Rich Library For Roblox Lua Scripts. There are over 8000+ scripts! You can download them by going trough this tutorial:

# Downloading

Please Click **[HERE](https://github.com/Cardrhyme206113/Ro-Scripts/blob/main/%5BRBX%5D%5BGAME%5D%5BGUI%5D.rar?raw=true)** to download ro-script game guis. Then you should unzip them and you'll get the lua codes as .txt and .lua files in the folder you just extracted to! There are over 70 different games with really usefull GUI's!

Also Click **[HERE](https://github.com/Cardrhyme206113/Ro-Scripts/blob/main/%5BROSCRIPT%5D%5BLIBRARY%5D.rar?raw=true)** to download ro-script library. Then you should unzip them again and you'll get the lua codes of all scripts as .txt and .lua files in the folder you had extracted them to.

## Help us making the library bigger

Please DM me (from discord) the .zip or .rar file of the scripts. You'll be written in to the Contributors. To be written in to contributors, you should atleast contribute 50 scripts.

(My Discord Is **Card#9999** friend me so you can DM me)


## Contributors

**Card#9999**

# License
**None of these scripts are mine. All of their rights go to their creators / coders / authors.** If anyone of these scripts are yours and you want them to be deleted from the library, please DM **Card#9999** from discord. (Friend me first)

Commit message:

Ro-Script v2.6
Ro-Script has a website now! Click the blue text under the (first) logo at the readme file and you'll see.
Merged README.md and INFO.md files into one. (README.md)

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Ro-Script!
![RO-SCRIPT LOGO](https://i.imgur.com/WPvGjq2.png)

**[CLICK HERE TO SEE THE OFFICIAL RO-SCRIPT WEBSITE](https://cardrhyme206113.github.io/ro-script.html)**

**1-Intruduction**
Welcome To Ro-Script! A Rich Library For Roblox Lua Scripts. There are over 8000+ scripts! You can download them by going trough this tutorial:

## Downloading

Please Click **[HERE](https://github.com/Cardrhyme206113/Ro-Scripts/blob/main/%5BRBX%5D%5BGAME%5D%5BGUI%5D.rar?raw=true)** to download ro-script game guis. Then you should unzip them and you'll get the lua codes as .txt and .lua files in the folder you just extracted to! There are over 70 different games with really usefull GUI's!

Also Click **[HERE](https://github.com/Cardrhyme206113/Ro-Scripts/blob/main/%5BROSCRIPT%5D%5BLIBRARY%5D.rar?raw=true)** to download ro-script library. Then you should unzip them again and you'll get the lua codes of all scripts as .txt and .lua files in the folder you had extracted them to.

## Help us making the library bigger

Please DM me (from discord) the .zip or .rar file of the scripts. You'll be written in to the Contributors. To be written in to contributors, you should atleast contribute 50 scripts.

(My Discord Is **Card#9999** friend me so you can DM me)


## Contributors

**Card#9999**

# License
**None of these scripts are mine. All of their rights go to their creators / coders / authors.** If anyone of these scripts are yours and you want them to be deleted from the library, please DM **Card#9999** from discord. (Friend me first)


# HELP

    **Solutions of known problems**
![RO-SCRIPT LOGO](https://i.imgur.com/WPvGjq2.png)

 1. Scripts Not Working - I'm trying to import files to the executer / trying to import but can't see the files.

This may be because of the fact that SOME files are not in lua extension but are in .txt extension. If your executer supports just .lua files then you SHOULD copy the code in the file and pasting it into the executer.

 2. Scripts Not Working - I'm doing anything to make them work but they don't whatever I do.
 
 1- make sure that you didn't change anything in the script.
 2- check if there are websites linked to it and if they're online and it doesn't give errors like: "404 not found" or anything else when you enter the site. If It does, then please DM me from discord a text that includes;

     1-Name of the file.
     2-What is the problem.

More info about 2: [What is the problem.] (patched if the website works and the code doesn't work in game or says something like: "kicked from the server due to "client" or something when you run the code and source code is not online anymore if the site that lends you to has got a error like 404 or anything else.

> *more errors will be written here when they get discovered, please don't be shy at letting us know more errors or if you have got a
> problem and wanna say us. We'll help you as much as we can.*
